Okay, content ecosystem map.
So when we talk about our content
ecosystem, we're essentially talking about
where bless you content exists within our
organization or within our digital sphere.
So this is a very, very simple
example of a content ecosystem map.
And we'll look at this
a little bit more closely.
So you'll see that there's
an ownership key up there.
Marketing sales, product development,
and customer support.
This is pretty common delineation
between who owns what.
Product development is oftentimes
their subject matter experts,
and customer support is like
the Help site, sales is,
I guess sales can be either on the site or
within an intranet, for
example, if there were
the sales presentations.
Live and then it shows one way or two way
to determine whether or not content is
being published and delivered one way or
if it's a share scenario.
So here we have the example
of the member community,
content is being generated there and
people are publishing it but
we are not pulling content from it and
sharing to other sources.
Support Twitter account is
connected with user guides.
Over here we've got Customer Support
site which is feeding into User Guides.
We have the proposal email, site, sales
presentations that are all owned by sales.
And then this information is
fed into the main website,
which then goes to what
used to be the mobile site.
But now of course, it's responsive
design and it's all the same, right?
Yes, fantastic.
Okay, so this is a useful,
sorry, let me get back here.
This is a really useful tool when you're
trying to get your arms around what
content you're going to be managing and
working with, the project level or
where you actually get to have influence.
A lot of times, what we see is that folks
only have influence over the site or
a section of the site.
But they are not actually reaching out
to other areas of the organization where
content might be redundant and this can
be in a very small organization as well.
Where, why are we repurposing?
I mean, for example,
on a conference website,
a lot of times we have like convince
your boss content and then we wanna send
an email about convince your boss,
why wouldn't we repurpose that content?
Well, one person over here
wrote the content for
the website,
another one is responsible for the email.
And sometimes they're just
not like meeting up to say,
we can just repurpose or
share this content.
So in mapping this ecosystem, you're able
to kind of identify who your potential
content partners might be and
where you need to go to get one, okay?
I am not gonna have you guys just
because we've got folks online.
I am not gonna have you guys map
out your content ecosystems, but
it is a useful tool that
I encourage you to try.